Expand details of the Machine Health Check proposal (#391)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/machine-api/machine-health-checking.md

Solution: Create a MachineDisruptionBudget targeting both the "cattle" and "pets" with appropriate thresholds. This is not possible without MachineDisruptionBudget or, possibly, one-off opt-out annotations.

## Infrastructure Needed

## Related Information

### How does a Machine Health Check determine which Machines it should target for health checking?

A MachineHealthCheck uses a `selector` to specify which Machines it should consider as its targets.
The selector supports [set-based requirements](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#resources-that-support-set-based-requirements)
so there are three options for specifying a selector for a Machine Health Check.

#### An Empty Selector

An empty selector matches all Machines. This means it would include the Control-Plane Machines,
all Machines created by the default MachineSets and any Machines that users create post installation.

#### Using exact labels

> Using the `matchLabels` part of the selector allows specifying a list of key value pairs to check the presence of.

Reviewer: this reads a little confusingly to me, what about

```suggestion
Using the `matchLabels` part of the selector allows specifying a list of key value pairs that must be present on all Machines.
```

This means that Machines must have all of the labels specified to be considered to match the selector.
This could be used to specify that the MHC selects all Machines with the `cluster-api-machine-role: worker` label,
which would match all MachineSets created by the installer, but not Control-Plane nodes,
nor necessarily any MachineSets created by users post installation.

#### Using expressions

Using the `matchExpressions` part of the selector allows more complicated expressions to be created for selecting on labels.
Each expression consists of a key, operator and values.
This allows users to select a label with value that matches a set of values (operator: In),

> a label with value that is not in a set of values (operator: NotIn). Or check that a label exists or not.

Reviewer: minor nit

```suggestion
a label with a value that is not in a set of values (operator: NotIn). Or check that a label exists or not.
```

These expressions could be used to select all Machines that do not have the label `cluster-api-machine-role: master`,
ie, all Machines in the cluster that are not part of the Control-Plane.
This would include all MachineSets created by the installer and any created by users post installation.

### How does the ClusterAutoscaler interact with MachineHealthCheck?

The ClusterAutoscaler uses its own health checking to determine if a MachineSet is unhealthy after scaling up.
Should it determine the MachineSet to be unhealthy,
it would scale the MachineSet back down and try another MachineSet to add new capacity to the cluster.

MachineHealthChecks could interfere with this health checking logic and prevent the autoscaler from adding new compute capacity.
To ensure there are no conflicts, several scenarios must be tested to check whether there may be conflicts

#### Scenarios
##### Machine fails to launch due to user config error

Steps to reproduce:

> - Create cluster on AWS

Reviewer: suggestion, change this to an ordered list just to make it clear these are instructions.

- Deploy ClusterAutoscaler to cluster
- Deploy MachineHealthCheck to cluster
- Modify MachineSet to start on Spot instances with very low spot price
  ```yaml
  providerSpec:
    value:
      ...
      spotMarketOptions:
        maxPrice: "0.001" # Low to prevent EC2 instance being created
  ```
- Create deployment of dummy pods with some resources requested
- Scale deployment until ClusterAutoscaler scales modified MachineSet

What happens after Machine Fails:
- If the number of Failed Machines is greater than `maxUnhealthy`:
  - Example:
    - This may happen if a large number of nodes are scaled in a single MachineSet and they all fail to provision
      (eg AMI missing, or instance type not available in AZ)
	- MachineHealthCheck:

>     - Remediation is short circuited, takes not action

Reviewer: minor nit

```suggestion
    - Remediation is short circuited, takes no action
```

  - Cluster Autoscaler:
    - Autoscaler determines nodes are unregistered
    - After 15 minutes (MaxNodeProvisionTime) autoscaler scales MachineSets back as expected and re-attempts scaling
	- Conclusion:

>     - In this scenario, the MHC has no effect on the operation of the Cluster Autoscaler

Reviewer: should this line be indented to match the previous level? or maybe the "Conclusion" line should be pulled out?

(just curious because of the colon)

Author: Somehow mixed a tab in with the double spaces, odd 😅

- If the number of Failed Machine is less than `maxUnhealthy`:
  - Example:
    - This may happen under normal scaling, if a low number of machines are scaled and Fail,
      or if a number of machines are scaled, some Fail and the others eventually register
	- MachineHealthCheck:

>     - While number of unhealthy machines exceed `maxUnhealthy`, no remediation occurs

Reviewer: similar question about indent

      immediately remediating failed Machines and MachineSet recreating Machines
	- Cluster Autoscaler:
    - Cannot track health of MachineSet as Machines are being deleted too quickly
    - Unable to determine broken MachineSet is unhealthy, therefore unable to attempt to scale alternate MachineSet as designed
	- Conclusion:
    - MachineHealthCheck breaks the assumptions of the Cluster Autoscaler and as such the Cluster Autoscaler cannot
      determine that the MachineSet is currently unhealthy
    - New capacity may never be added to the cluster if the Cluster Autoscaler choses a broken MachineSet,
      therefore the Cluster Autoscaler is broken by MachineHealthCheck at presents
    - This problem could potentially be resolved by introducing back-off for the MachineHealthCheck remediation controller
      (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPCLOUD-800)
    - Alternatively this could be resolved by not remediating machines that have `Failed` but this would be a major change in behaviour

##### Machine fails to launch after being accepted by AWS

Steps to reproduce:

> - Create cluster on AWS

Reviewer: same suggestion here about an ordered list
